---
layout: post
author: Addison C. Quijano Sorca
time: 1:32pm
categories: blog personal
---
After high school, I plan to attend classes at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. My orientation is on Saturday, July 8. Right now my major is undeclared, although when I eventually do choose a major it will probably be in a STEAM field. I am attending UNLV because I want something more than an associate’s degree. I believe in learning for the sake of learning, not just learning to gain skills that will be useful in the workforce. The fact that people with four-year degrees on average make 1.6 times more money that those with just high school degrees is also a factor. I have no special plans and if I ever decide to change colleges, I can do so later without spending a lot of money. UNLV is an inexpensive university, relatively speaking. Annual tuition is about $6,000 for in-state students. My original goal was to attend University of Nevada, Reno, which is also an in-state university with similar tuition prices mainly so I could be away from my parents, but I didn’t want to pay for housing.

I don’t know what I want to do after college. I am hoping that going to a university would also give me time to figure out what exactly I want to do with my life. It’s four years where I can be productive and make advances in my knowledge without necessarily having to be in the workforce. I do plan to work during college, however. I have also already applied for a job at a Subway restaurant on Tropicana; the manager only works on weekday mornings so I can only begin training once school ends. I want to apply for another job in addition to this one. I want to save up a good amount of money early on, both for college and my life. Admittedly, because of lack of effort and lack of any interesting things to write about myself I did not receive any scholarships. I really got lazy during senior year; college seemed so far away and it seemed easier to put off applications for later than face anxiety about my future now.

This program has taught me how to write HTML and CSS. This program has also taught me a little about coding the backend of a site, such as PHP, MYSQL, and WordPress. However, reading some articles from online trade magazines, I know I have a good amount to learn. I’ve seen articles about JavaScript libraries other than JQuery, SASS, Python, and other web technologies I have no understanding of. I have also learned the basics of computer programming through JavaScript. This school has taught me how to work in groups, how to write a resume, and how to present, all of which will be useful in the workforce.

Finally, to Ms. Chang, please don’t forget to write. I don’t know how we would stay in contact. At the very least write to Ms. Whitney’s class. Think of the poor freshman who will never know who you were. The Nevada Department of Education has a lot of work ahead of itself, and you are the perfect person to help the state of Nevada improve its computer education programs. Computer programming is going to be a valuable skill in the near future.
